By using our Services, you are agreeing to these terms, so please read them carefully.

Our Services are very diverse, so sometimes additional terms or product requirements may apply. 

Additional terms will be available with the relevant Services, and those additional terms become part of your agreement with us if you use those Services.

You may need an account in order to use some of our Services. 

You may create your own  account, or and account may be assigned to you by an administrator, such as your employer or educational institution. 

You grant us a non-exclusive, transferable, sub-licensable worldwide license to use any content that you post  in connection with the house. 

This License ends when you delete your account unless your content has been shared with others, and they have not deleted it, but removed content may persist in backup copies for a reasonable period of time.

We collect the content and other information you provide when you use our Services, including when you sign up for an account, create or share, and message or communicate with others. 

We also collect information about how you use our Services, such as the types of content you view or engage with or the frequency and duration of your activities.

We also collect content and information that other people provide when they use our Services, including information about you, such as when they share a photo of you, send a message to you, or upload, sync or import your contact information.

We collect information about the people and groups you are connected to and how you interact with them, such as the people you communicate with the most or the groups you like to share with. 

If you use our Services for purchases or financial transactions we collect information about the purchase or transaction, such as your credit card number, and other account and authentication information, as well as billing, shipping and contact details.

We collect information from or about the computers, phones, or other devices where you install or access our Services. 

We may associate the information we collect from your different devices, which helps us provide consistent Services.

We collect attributes such as the operating system, hardware version, device settings, file and software names and types, battery and signal strength, and device identifiers. We also collect the specific device locations, through GPS, Bluetooth, or WiFi signals.

We also save your connection information such as the name of your mobile operator or ISP, browser type, language and time zone, mobile phone number and IP address.

We collect information when you visit or use third-party websites and apps that use our Services, like when they use our interface. 

So we store information about the websites and apps you visit, your use of our Services on those websites and apps, as well as information the developer or publisher of the app or website provides to you or us.

We receive information about you and your activities on and off the house from third-party partners, such as information from a partner when we jointly offer services or from an advertiser about your experiences or interactions with them.

We receive information about you from companies that are owned or operated by our services, in accordance with their terms and policies.

We are able to deliver our Services, personalize content, and make suggestions for you by using this information to understand how you use and interact with our Services and the people or things you’re connected to and interested in our Services. 

We also use information we have to provide shortcuts and suggestions to you.

We conduct surveys and research, test features in development, and analyze the information we have to evaluate and improve products and services, develop new products or features, and conduct audits and troubleshooting activities.

We use your information to send you marketing communications, communicate with you about our Services and let you know about our policies and terms. We also use your information to respond to you when you contact us.

We use the information we have to improve our advertising and measurement systems so we can show you relevant ads on and off our Services and measure the effectiveness and reach of ads and services.

We share information we have about you within the family of companies that are part of our company.

If the ownership or control of all or part of our Services or their assets changes, we may transfer your information to the new owner. 

We work with third party companies who help us provide and improve our Services or who use advertising or related products, which makes it possible to operate our companies and provide free services to people around the world. 

We want our advertising to be as relevant and interesting as the other information you find on our Services, so, we use all of the information we have about you to show you relevant ads. 

Subscriptions. If you purchase a subscription to an app or to a feature within an app, we will bill your funding instrument immediately, and then again at the beginning of each subscription period. The following terms apply for subscriptions purchased through Facebook Payments:

If a free trial period is offered and you do not cancel during the free trial period, you will be billed at the end of the free trial period and at the beginning of each subsequent subscription period.

We do not share information that personally identifies you, like name or email address, with advertising, measurement or analytics partners unless you give us permission.

We transfer information to vendors, service providers, and other partners who globally support our business, such as providing technical infrastructure services, analyzing how our Services are used, measuring the effectiveness of ads and services, providing customer service, facilitating payments, or conducting academic research and surveys. 

We’ll notify you before we make changes to these terms and give you the opportunity to review and comment on the revised terms before continuing to use our service.

You consent to having your personal data transferred to and processed in the United States.

We may access, preserve and share your information in response to a legal request, like a search warrant or court order, if we have a good faith belief that the law requires us to do so.

Information we receive about you, including financial transaction data related to purchases, may be accessed, processed and retained for an extended period of time when it is the subject of a legal request or obligation, governmental investigation, or investigations concerning possible violations of our terms or policies.

Your continued use of the house Services, following notice of the changes to our terms, policies or guidelines, constitutes your acceptance of our amended terms, policies or guidelines.

This Statement makes up the entire agreement between the parties regarding the house, and supersedes any prior agreements.

We can remove any content or information you post if we believe that it violates this Statement or our policies.

You may also delete your account or disable your application at any time. In all such cases, this Statement shall terminate, but the following provisions will still apply: 2.2, 2.4, 3 to 5, 9.3, and 14 to 18.

WE TRY TO KEEP THE HOUSE UP, BUG-FREE, AND SAFE, BUT YOU USE IT AT YOUR OWN RISK.


We may stop providing Services to you, or add or create new limits to our Services at any time. 

If we discontinue a Service, where reasonably possible, we will give you reasonable advance notice and a chance to get information out of that Service.

WHEN PERMITTED BY LAW, THE HOUSE, AND THE HOUSE’S SUPPLIERS AND DISTRIBUTORS, WILL NOT BE RESPONSIBLE FOR LOST PROFITS, REVENUES, OR DATA, FINANCIAL LOSSES OR INDIRECT, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES.

TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, THE TOTAL LIABILITY OF THE HOUSE, AND ITS SUPPLIERS AND DISTRIBUTORS, FOR ANY CLAIMS UNDER THESE TERMS, INCLUDING FOR ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES, IS LIMITED TO THE AMOUNT YOU PAID US TO USE THE SERVICES.

IN ALL CASES, THE HOUSE, AND ITS SUPPLIERS AND DISTRIBUTORS, WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOSS OR DAMAGE THAT IS NOT REASONABLY FORESEEABLE.

You should look at the terms regularly. 

Changes will be effective immediately. 

If you do not agree to the modified terms for a Service, you should discontinue your use of that Service.

When you upload, submit, store, send or receive content to or through our Services, you give us, and those we work with, a worldwide license to use, host, store, reproduce, modify, create derivative works, communicate, publish, publicly perform, publicly display and distribute such content. 

The rights you grant in this license are for the limited purpose of operating, promoting, and improving our Services, and to develop new ones. 

This license continues even if you stop using our Services. 

Make sure you have the necessary rights to grant us this license for any content that you submit to our Services.

If you have an account, we may display your Profile name, Profile photo, and actions you take on the house or on third-party applications connected to our Services, including displaying in ads and other commercial contexts. 

We will respect the choices you make to limit sharing or visibility settings, for example, you can choose your settings so your name and photo do not appear in an ad.

We are constantly changing and improving our Services. We may add or remove functionalities or features, and we may suspend or stop a Service altogether.

Our automated systems analyze your content, including emails, to provide you personally relevant product features, such as customized search results, tailored advertising, and spam and malware detection. 

This analysis occurs as the content is sent, received, and when it is stored.

We collect information to provide better services to all of our users, from which language you speak, to which ads you’ll find most useful, the people who matter most to you, or which YouTube videos you might like.

We collect device specific information, such as your hardware model, operating system version, unique device identifiers, and mobile network information including phone number. 

When you use our services or view content provided by us, we automatically collect and store certain information in server logs. 

This includes details of how you used our service, your phone number, time and date of calls, routing information and types of calls, system activity, hardware settings, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your requests.

Certain services include a unique application number. This number and information about your installation, for example, the operating system type and application version number, may be sent to us when you install or uninstall that service or when that service periodically contacts our servers, such as for automatic updates.

We may collect and store information, including personal information, locally on your devices.

We use information collected to improve your user experience and the overall quality of our services. 

We will ask for your consent before using information for a purpose other than those that are set out in this Privacy Policy.

We processes personal information on our servers in many countries around the world. 

We may process your personal information on a server located outside the country where you live.

We provide personal information to our affiliates or other trusted businesses or persons to process it for us, based on our instructions and in compliance with our Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures.

We may share aggregated, non-personally identifiable information publicly and with our partners – like publishers, advertisers or connected sites. 
